{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red28\green28\blue28;\red9\green47\blue157;\red26\green26\blue26;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11500\viewh14500\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Concurrency:\
	A property of systems in which several computations are executing simultaneously, and potentially 	interacting with each other (multithreading).\
Parallelism:\
	In parallell computing a single task is often broken down into several very similar subtasks that\
	can be processed independently and then the results are combined afterwards.\
Similarity:\
	It is possible to have parallelism without concurrency and concurrency without parallelism.\
	E.g. two threads can run simultaneously but doesn\'92t necessarily have something to do with each other.\
	A parallel task can be computed on a single thread by doing the subtasks linearly in time. \
Multicore processors:\
	To increase performance but keep the power consumption at an acceptable level. \
	CPUs tend to demand more power as the frequency increases. \
	A quad core processor with a lower frequency pack the \'absame\'bb computing power as \
	a single core processor with four times the frequency.\
	On a multicore processor one can run multiple threads/processes at the same time, one in each core.\
Concurrency:\
	- Increased application throughput. Parallell execution of a concurrent program allows the number of\
	  tasks completed in a time period to increase.\
	- High responsiveness for input/output - Concurrent programming allows the time spent waiting for 	i/o task to be used for other tasks.\
	- More appropriate program structure -  Better to represent some problems as concurrent tasks.\
Life easiness:\
	-  Concurrent programming can make the programmers life both easier and harder. If the problem suits\
	   concurrent programming and it is done right, it certainly makes it easier.\
Process:\
	An instance of a computer program that is being executed.( A process may contain several threads).\
Thread:\
	The smallest sequence of programmed instructions that can be managed independently by a 	scheduler.\
Green threads:\
	Threads that are scheduled by a runtime library or virtual machine instead of natively by the underlying \
	OS. They are managed in user space instead of kernel space, enabling them to work in environments t	that do not have native thread support.\
Coroutines:\
	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Coroutines are \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
computer program\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 components that generalize \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
subroutines\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 for \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
nonpreemptive 	multitasking\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, by allowing multiple \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
entry points\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 for suspending and resuming execution at certain 	locations. Coroutines are well-suited for implementing more familiar program components such as 	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
cooperative tasks\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
exceptions\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
event loop\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
iterators\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
, \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
infinite lists\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 and \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
pipes\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
.\
pthread_create()\
	 - Creates a thread.\
threading.Thread()\
 	- Creates a thread.\
go\
	- starts/creates a coroutine.\
GIL:\
	A mutex that prevents multiple native threads from executing Python byte codes at once.\
	Necessary because Python\'92s memory management is not thread safe. GIL degrades performance.\
GIL workaround:\
	Have one thread that manages the memory and have the other threads query this one to manipulate\
	the memory.\
func GOMAXPROCS(n int) int:\
	\cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
GOMAXPROCS sets the maximum number of CPUs that can be executing simultaneously and returns 	the previous setting. If n < 1, it does not change the current setting. The number of logical CPUs on the 	local machine can be queried with NumCPU. This call will go away when the scheduler improves.\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
	\
	}